README.md, before:

# pkmn-odyssey-teambuilder

A teambuilder for [Pokémon Odyssey](https://www.pokecommunity.com/threads/pok%C3%A9mon-odyssey-complete-v4-1.488536/). This tool is inspired by [Pokémon Team Builder](https://marriland.com/tools/team-builder/en/).

Data from https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Es1clPMUhEEqZRHW0tgAmvxqSzVXiXmD/edit

The non Etrian Pokémon sprites are sprites from the 5th generation and from [Smogon](https://www.smogon.com/forums/threads/smogon-sprite-project.3647722/) for Pokémon that were not in 5th Generation. Gorochu sprite from https://x.com/Dragonsden95/status/1715418155286188158.

## Modify
If you want to edit this tool for another game, the pokémon list is stored in data.js, and contains the pokemon name, types and abilities. The type chart can be edited in type-chart.js. Ability that changes damage of a type (like Levitate or Dry Skin) can be added or changed in abilities.js.

## Copyrights
Images and names of Pokémon are the property of Game Freak.

Sprites of Etrian-pokémon are made by the Yggdrasil Project. The sprites can only be used for Pokémon Odyssey-related content.

Commit message:

Moved some files in /data

README.md, after:

# pkmn-odyssey-teambuilder

A teambuilder for [Pokémon Odyssey](https://www.pokecommunity.com/threads/pok%C3%A9mon-odyssey-complete-v4-1.488536/). This tool is inspired by [Marriland's Pokémon Team Builder](https://marriland.com/tools/team-builder/en/).

Data from https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Es1clPMUhEEqZRHW0tgAmvxqSzVXiXmD/edit

The non Etrian Pokémon sprites are sprites from the 5th generation and from [Smogon](https://www.smogon.com/forums/threads/smogon-sprite-project.3647722/) for Pokémon that were not in 5th Generation. Gorochu sprite from https://x.com/Dragonsden95/status/1715418155286188158.

## Modify
If you want to edit this tool for another game, you only have to edit files in the data folder, the pokémon list is stored in pokemon.js, and contains the pokemon name, types and abilities. The type chart can be edited in type-chart.js. Ability that changes damage of a type (like Levitate or Dry Skin) can be added or changed in abilities.js.

## Copyrights
Images and names of Pokémon are the property of Game Freak.

Sprites of Etrian-pokémon are made by the Yggdrasil Project. The sprites can only be used for Pokémon Odyssey-related content.
